March 08, 2021
  * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Started working on the home page design and added the initial layout
      Terry Boyett: attended meeting, documented tasks for the upcoming sprint, documented rationale for sprint forecast
      Gopi Macha:created a new github account and repo.
      Leul Endashaw:Attended meetings, had discussions regarding User Interface designs that are gone be used for the project.
      
  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: continue working on home page and create mockups/wireframes and add placeholders for content i.e. text and images; discuss with team about the content of the page
      Terry Boyett: continue working on documentation, continue to look into different API for web application
      Gopi Macha:creating a new git repo and updating the react code into it
      Leul Endashaw:Tried to find the best API suited for our project.
      
  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?   
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Trying to find a tool to create wireframes. I will see if I can use tools like Axure or LucidCharts to create wireframes
      Terry Boyett: I was unfamilar with some parts of the azure management tool. Removel plan: read and watch additional tutorials regarding the software
      Gopi Macha:Don't know which open source apis want to use in application.Removal plan:face-to-face meeting in class with professor.
      Leul Endashaw:For sprint 1 I haven’t seen any besides what has been mentioned by my team members.
      
March 15, 2021
  * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Started working on footer design and wireframes    
      Terry Boyett: Discussion on UI, application name, and our logo. Beginning implementation of about us page
      Gopi Macha:Get started UI design and api of Call of Duty
      Leul Endashaw: Discuss on UI design, app's name & logo.

  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: continue working on footer and add placeholders for content and social media links in the wireframes
      Terry Boyett: Continue to work on the about us page
      Gopi Macha:Started to find correct Api in our application
      Leul Endashaw: Started working on app name and logo

  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: None 
      Terry Boyett: None at the moment
      Gopi Macha:Finding the Players stats of Call of Duty Api
      Leul Endashaw: 
    
March 22, 2021
   * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Started working on desiging and creating wireframes for game selection page
      Terry Boyett: Began implementation of matchmaking page.
      Gopi Macha:Some Research About CI/CD
      Leul Endashaw: Finished creating logo and App name

  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: continue working on game selection page and figure out a way to display the avalilable games and results; initially adding drop down list for games
      Terry Boyett: Continue to work on matchmaking page and begin the process of wrapping up this sprint
      Gopi Macha:Done with the Api call from the Application
      Leul Endashaw: Will work on the trello board and user stories creation
    
  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: how to display number of games for selection in an intuitive way, needs discussion with the team to brainstorm ideas.
      Terry Boyett: Same of the others mentioned by other team members, no ther impdediments otherwise.
      Gopi Macha:When click on Azure Devops Continuous Deployment showing errors
      Leul Endashaw:
