March 31, 2021
  * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Created the initial css for the application 
      Terry Boyett: Created sprint 2 forecast and breaking down user stories into tasks
      Gopi Macha:Created the Show More button with functionality
      Leul Endashaw: Created css for match making
      
  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Enhance the css and resolve the conflicting styles with bootstarp
      Terry Boyett: Continue work on player layout design 
      Gopi Macha: Adding the new players data set 20 to existing Data for every Show More click.
      Leul Endashaw:Working on the addition of css 
      
  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?   
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura:Alignment issues with bootstrap and application css
      Terry Boyett: Had to learn what the "Yesterday's Weather" sprint forecast, figure out CI/CD
      Gopi Macha:NO
      Leul Endashaw:no
      
April 4, 2021
  * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Define the properties used for the match making process
      Terry Boyett: Finished work on player list layout design, update the kanban board
      Gopi Macha:Created the pipeline for CI with NPM install,build and artifacts.
      Leul Endashaw:Create profile viewer of players

  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Work on mapping required properties vs. available properties from the API
      Terry Boyett: Start on concept for the different player's profiles
      Gopi Macha:Triggered the CD After Successfull CI
      Leul Endashaw: Work on css of profile viewer

  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: one-to-one mapping not available for all required properties. Discuss with team about the optimal properties we want to use for the match making
      Terry Boyett: CI/CD is still being researched, need to ask professor a couple of questions on wednesday
      Gopi Macha:
      Leul Endashaw:no
    
April 7, 2021
   * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Link the CICD build test results and publish them as a grapgh on the project dashboard
      Terry Boyett: Player profile concept is complete, getting together items for turning in sprint 2
      Gopi Macha:Add Some Test Cases
      Leul Endashaw: Implemnt continious deployment system
      
  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Work on enhancing the test suite
      Terry Boyett: Link mob programming and sprint review videos to github
      Gopi Macha:Some research on Test cases to include in Azure
      Leul Endashaw: Keep working on continious deployment system
    
  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: None
      Terry Boyett: None that I can think of
      Gopi Macha:NO
      Leul Endashaw: no
