April 14, 2021
  * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Work on desiging Add a Friend page layout and styles
      Terry Boyett: Added forecast to the git hub and decomposed the stories into different tasks.
      Gopi Macha:Searching for pdf implementation method
      Leul Endashaw: Research on how to implement group forming
      
  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Start working on adding the Contact Us feature to the application
      Terry Boyett: I want to start on the concept design for the group forming functionality.
      Gopi Macha: Css for pdf button
      Leul Endashaw: Implement group forming
      
  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?   
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Limited options to implement the Contact Us functionality, need a design session with the team.
      Terry Boyett: None so far.
      Gopi Macha:Need to discuss the style for pdf symbol
      Leul Endashaw: None so far
      
April 17, 2021
  * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Added the Contact Us button in the header and corrected the styles
      Terry Boyett: Finished design for the group forming and updating sprint backlog.
      Gopi Macha:Started the test case implementation
      Leul Endashaw: Started working on mechanisms to Implement friend adding

  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Implement the functionality
      Terry Boyett: Create a design for export to pdf option and confirm this with the group.
      Gopi Macha:Starting the code for pdf functionality
      Leul Endashaw: Implement friend adding 

  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: None
      Terry Boyett: Figuring out how to implement the export feature.
      Gopi Macha:Figuring out how to implement the export feature
      Leul Endashaw: None 
    
April 21, 2021
   * What did you do in the last 24 hours that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Completed Contact Us email functionality
      Terry Boyett: Gather all required materials for the sprint 3 turn in and prepare for sprint review.
      Gopi Macha:Added some functionality for CI-CD operations
      Leul Endashaw: Remaking of logo
      
  * What will you do in the next 24 hours to help the Development Team meet the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: Work on adding the unit tests and testing
      Terry Boyett: Conduct sprint review with teammates.
      Gopi Macha:Work on adding the unit tests and testing
      Leul Endashaw:Burn down chart
    
  * Do you see any impediment that prevents you or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint goal?
      Sai Krupa Bariki Vidura: None.
      Terry Boyett: None.
      Gopi Macha:None
      Leul Endashaw: None
